refactor: rerun tests on unloadEvent instead of on beforeunload (#33456)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

**Misc:**

- When a test is isolated in Studio, 'rerun' button should not say 'Run all tests. It should say 'Run test'. Addressed in [#33466](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/33466).

> - Rerun tests on `pagehide` or `unload` instead of on `beforeunload`. Addressed in [#33456](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/33456).

Reviewer: I don't think this needs a changelog entry since it's just a refactor.

```suggestion
- When a test is isolated in Studio, 'rerun' button should not say 'Run all tests. It should say 'Run test'. Addressed in [#33466](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/33466).
```
